You fell to your knees, staring at the spot your Sisters had once been, but all that was left were the screams, and the cries for help echoing in your mind. Tears ran down your face, and 
despair flooded your body. You hadn't realised how cold it was until you attempted to move from the spot, rain had started to come down, mixing the mud and the dust and the ashes around 
you into a swamp. "Ryuko...Atsuke..." you whimper.
The whistling from the wind blew the dust that hadn't been caught in the rain at your face, and a sense of danger with it.
Pivoting quickly from your spot, you held the tip of your staff half an inch from a man's throat. "Who are you?" you managed, your voice cracking slightly but firm enough.
"I'm someone you should trust." He said, pulling down his hood revealing long blond hair and a beard slightly dampened by the rain. "Lay your weapon, woman. You cannot fight." His eyes 
gestured to your legs. Your skin was blue, and you hadn't noticed your hands shake from the sudden freezing temperatures. 
"Or maybe...or maybe, I have enough strength to.." The man raised his hand, and you blacked out.

***

You woke with a jolt, your hand touching your sheath but your weapon was nowhere to be found. The sound of the wind and the rain had been muffled, and you realised you were warm. Too warm, 
actually. 
"Mind yourself. Your robes haven't fully dried yet." Came the voice from the man.
Your head snapped towards the source, and raised your hands, eying him up and down. He looked different than he does in the snow. His beard no longer snow-tipped, his full facial features 
highlighted by the open fire in the centre of the hut.
"Who are you?" You asked, unsure if your voice worked as well as you wanted it to.
"Relax. I'm no threat." He went to raise his hand again, but noticed you tense up even further and lowered it. "I was sent here, not long after you left home." He started.
You drew your brow. "Your tribe leader sent me to retrieve you."
"I've never seen you before in my life. I know everyone in that village."
"Evidently." He sighed, sarcasm filling the hut. "I have bad news for you, my dear."
"Don't call me that."
"I apologise, Yoko."
The way he emphasised your name didn't set well with you.
"Who are you?"
"For all intent and purposes, call me Brein, and to continue on from my initial topic of conversation, I have bad news for you. News of your battle has made it back to your home village, 
and they aren't happy, it seems."
"What? How?"
"How long do you think you've been out, Ryuko?"
"Why?"
"They thought you had fallen but, it seems, the truth is much worse than they thought."
"How do you mean?"
"You failed to save your Sisters."
You realised, for the moment, you had forgotten about everything, and then it all came flooding back. Ryuko's screams, Atsukes death stare before she was finished off by those...things. 
"You failed to save them from the Voids, and so you failed yourself, and your clan."
The Voids? You thought to yourself.
"Is that what they're called?" You asked, seemingly forgetting the rest of the conversation.
"Indeed, my...Yoko. It seems you are not welcome back." The Man gestured toward a table with two bowls and cups, all of them steaming. "Please, regain your strength. I am to take you back 
to.."
"No. I will avenge my Sisters." You tried to stand but he placed a hand on your shoulder, closing the space between you both quicker than humanly possible.
"I advise you to eat."
"Or what?" You challenged.
"Don't make this harder than it has to be child."