You thought long and hard over whether or not to bring your favourite robe. The last time you went on such a long trip, you didn't bring an extra layer of protection against the 
elements as there would be no need; ultimately there was, and you still regret that decision to this day.
You decided to leave the robe. The summer had been long in the eastern part of the island, and reports of lakes drying up worried you more than a mere robe.
  "Don't worry about it, Yoko. You'll be fine." Your Sister Atsuke reassured. "I've only brought light wears, and besides, if you need warming up, you can literally turn into a bear."
This made you smile. 
  "You're right. I just feel like.."
You were cut off by Ryuko holding up a hand and coming to an abrupt stop. "What is it, Sister?" You ask.
Ryuko stood there, eyes closed, listening.
  "I'm not sure. Could be nothing." She dismissed her motion to stop, and carried on forward, adjusting her satchel over her shoulder. "Just..be on the look out."
You puckered your lips and let out a sweet sounding whistle. Birds tweeted in the trees before a fluttering sound of large wings unsettled the forest. Before long, a large, flame-red 
falcon nestled itself on your shoulder, squawking in response to your command.
Atsuke slapped you on your shoulder.
  "Warn us next time! One of these days you're going to scare the life out of us!"
Laughing, you stuck your tongue out and patted your companion on its back.
  "Fúrn wouldn't hurt a soul, besides you should recognise his whistle by now. I've done it plenty of times."
Atsuke tutted, and went back to reading her book as you continued on.

***

It was almost a complete contrast.
The Marsh, named for the one time it rained heavily here and turned everything into a muddy mess, was actually one of the most beautiful, and healthy looking parts of the island. 
It was full of wildlife, lush trees and plant life, it was a Druid's Perfect Dream.
Once you reached the end of it, however, your stomach turned.
Atsuke had spotted something in the distance, almost like a field of black growth, but you all put it off as a trick of the sun, or that she was trying to wind you up, 
but now that you see it for yourself, it made you all feel uneasy.
This part of the island was considered holy ground for every walk of life, from Priests, and Druids, to warriors and Gérins (what the main lands considered a pagan practice), but 
what should have been a bustling village of various beliefs, was deserted and ruined.
The black growth Atsuke had thought she had seen was actually the charred remains of buildings and ground, and the parameters of the burn looked as though it went in one straight line, 
about 100 feet wide and went for as far as the eye could see. 
Atsuke cried as she ran over to a small shrine that she had visited many times as a young Priest, and attempted to resurrect the burnt skeleton that laid at the bottom, it's out reached 
arm stuck to the stone.
  "Atsuke, get away from it." Ryuko commanded.
Sniffling, Atsuke kept trying her spells, none of them succeeding. "Atsuke..NOW!" She shouted.
Startled, your Siter whipped her head towards Ryuko and noticed the shadow hanging over the shrine, and the ground around her was blacker than she thought was possible.
Then came a low growl, and she looked up to see the being responsible for the shadow.
  "Yoko.." Ryuko started.
  "I'm on it." you respond, digging deep inside of you to cover the sheer terror that you feel with the rage you require. "Ready."