The cries coming from the bodies your Sisters, weren't your Sisters' cries at all this time. Instead they were loud, incoherent screams that caused your ears to pop, as their bodies 
dissolved into the same purple and black blood that littered the once green pastures of the village.
You bled from various cuts to your body, but the adrenaline kept you standing. The breeze that once swept the fruity scents of the flowers, filled your nostrils with the smell of sweat, 
blood, and decaying death. You closed your eyes again, and felt peace and quiet overcome you for the first time in years.
You didn't allow the memories of your Sisters to be stained by what you had to do. They weren't your Sisters, they were far from them. You walked over to where their Void bodies were 
decomposing, careful not to step in the blood that was trying to escape.
It certainly wasn't your Sisters' faces that you looked down upon. The colour of their eyes had been replaced by the grey of death, and red streaks, similar to blood vessels, marked 
outside and around the eye sockets. 
You tried to remember a prayer that one of the younger priests taught you many moons ago. They called it 'The Prayer of Transcendence', and it was intended to replace the 'Final Passage'
 as the younger priests didn't feel comfortable with that Rite, but as you looked over your Sisters' bodies, you didn't feel right reciting either. 
"I'm sorry.." you said. "I wasn't strong enough to save you, but you can rest now."
You didn't want to touch the bodies, but you reached out a hand and closed their eyes before reciting the prayer.
You could feel the ground around you begin to come back to life, as a bright light came down from the sky and enveloped the village in its warmth. You kept muttering the words as the purple
and black stained grass was restored to its original colour, and the rotten plants came back to life.
You kept your eyes closed as you felt both of your Sisters' bodies begin to lift off the ground and join the Entity in the Forever Planes. Tears streamed down your face as you said your
final goodbyes.
