Over the course of the fight, Ryuko and Yoko were pushed back towards the bridge. The creature you had slain let out a death cry as its blood formed a puddle around your feet, staining your boots. You try to move towards your 
Sisters but you were rooted in place, as if something was holding you down. You looked at your feet to see that the creature's blood was the cause of your inability to move, as it had hardened around your boots, and you tried 
everything to dislodge yourself.
You hear screams coming from the bridge as you frantically try to dissolved the blood from your boots but to no avail. Shadows form around you, and the screams get louder as you decide to leave your boots where they were and 
jump to your Sisters' aid without them. However, you were too late.
More shadowy figures converged on to your Sisters, engulfing them both in their black and purple bodys, pushing them further and further back on to the bridge that you had crossed over on. 
You calmed your mind, and recited a spell to disperse the beings but it didn't do anything to them, they seemed determined to go for your Sisters.
"Ryuko! It's not working!" You shouted, as you sent another spell hurtling towards them. One of the begins held up what you assumed was an arm and deflected the ball of Light, sending it in the opposite direction. 
"They're too.."
You were cut off by the sound of wood breaking and ropes snapping and even more heart wrenching screams as the bridge collapsed, and everyone on it fell into the canyon below.
"Ryuko! Yoko!" you screamed, falling to your knees on the edge of the hill side, the rocks cutting into your skin. "No!"  You reached out a hand and sent waves of Light hurtling towards your falling Sisters but it could not reach 
them. The monsters seem to fade away as the Light passed through them, but as your Sisters fell further, and further down, so did your hope fade.

***

Only minutes had passed when you heard a low growl coming from behind you. You wiped your tears away and stood up, not noticing the pain that your bleeding knees were causing you and you faced the source of the sound.
"I know your weakness.." you smiled, your eyes blood-shot, making you look more menacing. 
You hoped you scared the monster, though knew it would make no difference. "and I'm going to enjoy this."