5 years have passed since your Sisters died.
You attempted to track down the Void but, with little to no information other than a name, your quest was in vain. You attempted to go back to your village, but you had been abandoned. 
News of your defeat, of your hopeless quest had been met with distain for their once great defender.
You tried to find The Man, but he had indeed vanished for good like he promised he would and you found yourself alone, travelling the lands of Terah by yourself looking for answers, for 
anything that would help you destroy those things.

**

The wind howled outside your hut like it did most nights. The sound of the fur rugs you had fashioned out of various animals slapped against the poles creating an irritating rhythmic sound 
that you tried to drown out but couldn't.
You sat by the fire, knees scrunched up with your head resting on top of them, swaying back and forth, muttering to yourself.
"Sisters...why can't I find you?" you poked the fire, its smoke rising and disappearing through the hole at the top of the hut into the night. As you said this, a tear fell from your eye 
onto the open flames and suddenly the yellow glow turned blue. You screamed and jumped back at the sudden change of appearance.
A voice filled the room, a familiar, albeit friendly, voice. 
"Ryuko/Yoko/Atsuke." The Man's voice sounded annoyed. "Why are you sulking? You're pathetic."
Recovering from the initial shock of the situation, you stood up and shouted at the flame.
"I've done everything I can to find those things. You gave me nothing!" 
"I told you what would happen, but you ignored my warning. You brought this on yourself. You were weak then, and you're weaker now."
"You're weak!" You threw your weapon at the fire, hoping it would do something to deter the voice. "My Sisters are gone, and I can't bring them back, and I can't find these, these Void 
things!" You threw more items at the flame, not caring what, just hoping it would help you feel better.
"They're everywhere, child. You were supposed to go back.."
"Go back where!" tears came down stronger than ever. "I've been exiled from my home! You vanished, my sisters are gone.."
"I'm only going to tell you this once. Go back home. You will have your answers."
"What?" The flames started to dwindle, "Tell me!" you crawled over to the dying light.
"Go home." The lights flickered before going out, only to be replaced by the original orange and yellow hue of a natural fire.

***

You lowered your hood and looked upon the high walls of your home village. The flags of the Rein tribe, the capital of the Northern areas, hung low on the walls. Their red and grey colours 
looking dark and solemn in the high noon sun, as though they hadn't been attended to in a long time.
You drew your brow, and took a deep breath. The last time you were here, the clan leader, your oldest friend, Rena, looked at you through sad, bloodred eyes. She had been crying while she 
threw you out and banished you from any village under the Rein flag. How did you not see it?
You dropped your satchel on the floor and rummaged through it. Taking out a bottle of green liquid, you popped off its lid and swallowed it in one gulp before throwing the glass to the side. You closed your eyes and waited for the potion to work its magic.
Magic, you smiled. A lot of that happening lately.
Once you felt the potion working, you threw open the doors and readied your weapon.
