As you slayed the final monster, you wiped the sweat from your forhead and you looked around for more of those things.
The field was strewn with the bodies of the fallen Void, and you couldn't help but smile at them. All these years, you had tried to hunt them down, only to find them at the place you were 
kicked out from. 
You listened out for more of them, but when you heard nothing but the gentle breeze of the Spring wind rolling through the grass, you put your weapon away and sat on the ground.
You sat in a moment of meditation when the wind picked up, and you parried the attack that came from the left hand side of you, the sword that it belonged too looked heartbreakingly 
familiar.
"You came back...when I specifically ordered you not to.." came the voice you were dreading to hear.
Why couldn't you be dead? You said to yourself. "Because I want you to suffer, child." It said, reading your thoughts.
You detached your eyes from the sword, and followed the blade up to its master. Looking down at you was the last person you hoped to see in that situation, and your heart sank.
You heard movement from the other side and again, you managed to parry an attack. It was all too familiar.
You reached deep inside of you and used every ounce of power you could muster to cause a pushback that threw them both off balance and you rolled backwards into a defensive stance.
"Sisters, I do not want to fight you." You said, keeping your voice strong. "I will not lose you both again."
There was a dark, hearty chuckle from them both before they spoken in unison.
"You will fight us, or you will die."
"Maybe I chose to die.."
"Then we will make sure it is slow, and painful."
You closed your eyes, and contemplated, just for a second, allowing your Sisters to strike you down, to become whatever it is that they now are, just so you could be together again, and 
for a split second, that was going to be a reality, until you moved just in time to dodge their attack, and you drew your weapon once again.
"This is for my village."